Loved it and daniela aviani coffee on the foot already was
the roberto capsule of people's lives
in only one strong coffee hence the family
monogamous
I do not want to enjoy
I do not know when I go to native way
sure she gave if he's in order to
to put faith as the favela with the
of the flamengo ball that I knew of the party
Come on, will you?
I so there just stay in the house
Hi, I did not get the domain
a fame of fame for my house is the
cico carlos roque hoffmann tancara even
tone when speaking of Maria
You 'll even integrate into China in the end.
the truth is missing a touch in her
Talk about Sao Paulo with a good method.
went out on foot and here in the cafe in china
in India I needed
it's a disease
dem walk where want is for her friend
shot mark in the belly of course if
the pump there can not stay in the house of
my faith
on the cover
daniel to sit in the car
the baby falls there is nothing that the
in this personnel to separate legal nor knew
We also need to go to the closed session.
in closed a month ago she is not leaving the
paper
the trucker value galley
according to the media, there we go
to count on it is the best of the morning with
a coffee and now we will have the car
lightweight when film while
planning to go to porto velho